(rain pounding)
(feet stomping)
(Mikazuki meowing)
Mikazuki, Hello.
What are you doing here?
(rain pounding)
(feet stomping)
(Mitsuki sighing)
(Mikazuki meowing)
Hey, so does this little
guy belong to you?
Who are you?
(Samidare grunting)
(serene music)
[Mitsuki] Are you awake?
(Samidare groaning)
What's going on?
What are you some kind of
medical ninja or something?
No, I'm not.
I just know some first aid.
Well, it certainly appears
that I owe you one.
Actually thank Mikazuki,
that's who found you?
Mikazuki?
(Mikazuki meowing)
Oh, I see.
So this guy's name is Mikazuki.
Well, thank you very
much little guy.
And my name is Samidare.
My name is Mitsuki.
I'll bring you a little
something to help you warm up.
Ah, aren't you gonna ask?
I mean, why I was lying on
the ground back there wounded?
To be honest, I don't
really care either way.
Or is it that you
wanted me to ask you?
(serene music)
(laughing) You're
kind of a weird guy,
you know that? (laughing)
(mikazuki meowing)
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(door scrapping)
(feet stomping)
I'm back, your
wounds all better?
Yeah, well kinda, but I feel
bad inconveniencing you.
But I don't really
mind having you here.
Do you have a place to go?
Actually, I came here
to the Leaf Village
to see my little sister.
Sister?
That's right.
She's employed by
a big company here.
I hate sounding like the
proud big brother cliche
but she's really got
her stuff together.
I see.
Hey, now what's up with that
bored look on your face.
No, that's not it.
It's just that I have
a very close friend
who has a soft spot for
his little sister too.
I don't have one myself,
but it seems like little sisters
are dear to their big brothers.
(laughing) Yeah, of course.
Although I'm a horrible
heartless big brother,
ever since my sister moved here
I never even bothered to
come visit her until now.
I always made excuses, like
being too busy with work.
(sighing) Even so, at
least you're here now.
I suppose so, although
I'm a little too late.
Hmm.
Oh yeah, you saved
me from appearing
to be even more heartless.
So I'd really like
to do something
to show you my gratitude.
That's okay, please
don't worry about it.
No, not you, I ment Mikazuki.
[Female Employee]
Thanks for coming by.
(bell chiming)
Well, there you go done.
(Mikazuki meowing)
A bell?
Yeah and it looks good on you.
Now it'll be easier
to know where you are.
Although it isn't as if
Mikazuki is actually my cat.
What are you talking about?
Mikazuki's super attached
to you, just look.
-(Mikazuki meowing)
-(bell chiming)
And to you as well apparently.
Thanking me for the collar, huh?
You seem to have quite a
strong sense of duty for a cat.
(Samidare laughing)
There, there. (laughing)
I must say you do
have a way with cats.
Do you have one?
Oh no.
But my little sister
used to have one
and that's the reason
why I was so shocked
when I heard the name earlier.
My little sister
has the same name,
she's called Mikazuki as well.
Wow, that's quite a coincidence.
Just imagine the
look on her face
when she finds out about this.
(Mikazuki meowing)
Yeah, I think you're right.
I bet that it would
have made her smile.
[Boruto] Hey Mitsuki.
Anyway, you guys take
care, Mitsuki and Mikazuki.
Hey, who was that?
Someone I just
met the other day.
He's a friend of
mine and Mikazuki's
and Mikazuki's older brother.
-Mikazuki's?
-Older brother?
Look nevermind that,
we've been summoned.
Right.
[Boruto] A security mission.
That's right.
Mr. Kaneki the president
of the Kaneki Corporation
needs bodyguards.
[Sarada] That's that
chemical company
that's as big as the
Kaminarimon Company, right?
After the investigation
we conducted
we believe the
likelihood is very high,
that he's gonna
be the next target
of The Rainy Day Killer.
The Rainy Day Killer.
The guy who's always
on the news lately.
Hmm.
Yes, that's the serial
killer we're after.
Our reputation's at stake here,
so we have to find
him and bring him in.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Their crimes are always
committed on rainy days,
that's why they
got the nickname.
[Kotaro] All of his victims
were determined to
have been stabbed
with something thin and sharp.
But the specific murder weapon
is still a mystery to us.
There's a high probability
that the perpetrator
is a Shinobi.
But the ages and occupations
of the three victims
are all different
so there doesn't seem
to be a connection.
Actually during
our investigation
we uncovered an
unusual commonality.
You see the Kaneki
Corporation chemical plant
exploded two years ago.
It caused some serious damage.
You mean all the murder victims
were somehow connected
to that instance.
That's right.
All of them were involved
with the same project
or with the investigation
into the accident.
But why have they
all been targeted
by the Rainy Day
Killer recently then?
We don't know that.
however, the only
remaining survivor
connected to the incident
is President Kaneki.
Of course.
So that's why the
chances are high
that he's the next target, huh.
All right, we're on it.
We'll catch The Rainy Day
Killer, no problem, you know.
I'm gonna head over to
Kaneki's residents right now.
I want you three
to come with me.
[All] Yes, sir.
(birds chirping)
Hold on. What do you mean you
don't need a security detail?
Huh, because why would
I even be targeted
by The Rainy Day Killer
in the first place?
I don't know
anything about that.
Leave immediately.
I don't have any
need of your guards.
If anything were to happen,
my own bodyguards would suffice.
Please, excuse me.
(all sighing)
Mr. Kotaro really
knows what he's doing.
Leaving us here to
secretly keep an eye
on President Kaneki like this.
Come on, would you
please take the situation
more seriously?
President Kaneki's
attitude is very suspicious
but right now protecting him
from whoever's after
him is our top priority.
Mr. Kotaro said so himself.
Yeah, I know that.
Since we've been given
the responsibility
I'm gonna make sure
nobody else gets hurt.
(sighing) Rain.
(rain pounding)
(thunder clapping)
(brooding music)
Do you think the perp's
actually gonna show up.
I don't know, but if
he still gives it a try
despite all of the security
that's present here today.
Yeah, then that would
mean that the perp
is determined to get his target,
no matter what the cost is.
There.
[Guards] Who's there.
[Guard] Halt
-(feet stomping)
-(brooding music)
-[Guard] What.
-(guards groaning)
(Killer's coat whooshing)
(guards thudding)
(door banging)
(feet stomping)
(guards groaning)
What's going on?
Oh (screaming)
(thunder clapping)
-(brooding music)
-(feet stomping)
Ah, ah, ah.
Just who, who are you?
Can't be, impossible, are you-
(fist thudding)
(Kaneki retching)
(brooding music)
(kunai swooshing)
(killer gasping)
That's as far as you go.
(hands swooshing)
Hey come back.
On it.
[Sarada] Be careful.
(feet stomping)
(brooding music)
Multiple striking shadow sticks.
(shadow sticks whooshing)
(water whooshing)
(rain pounding)
What jutsu did he just use?
I didn't even see anything.
Sorry, he got away.
He was actually
able to evade you.
Who is this guy?
Well, at least we
were able to make sure
the president stayed safe.
Still despite his talk
about not knowing anything
Kaneki ended up being
the target after all.
(rain pounding)
(people chattering)
[Mitsuki] Were you able
to see your little sister?
Yeah, kinda, but then
she yelled at me.
It's been so long.
She asked me what the
hell I thought I was doing
showing up here
after all this time?
Tell me you're a ninja, right?
And a formidable one at that.
Well I was, but I quit.
For years I worked like a dog,
obediently following
the orders I was given.
But these days I'm living
carefree, just like a cat does.
Next up on the news.
We have an update on
the serial murders case.
Yesterday, the President Kaneki
of the Kaneki
Corporation was attacked.
Luckily-
[Samidare] What troubling
times we live in.
Agreed.
By the way, what was
your specialty Jutsu
back when you were a ninja?
And why exactly do
you wanna know that?
Just curious.
-(serene music)
-(feet stomping)
(Mikazuki meowing)
Mikazuki, hey
there, little buddy.
What's the matter?
You okay?
Are you hungry or something?
Huh, so why did you
quit being a ninja?
Hey, what's up?
I thought that you weren't
interested in personal stuff.
Oh yes you're right.
At the time when my
family needed me the most,
I couldn't be there for them.
That's the reason
why I came here now
even though it's really
too little too late.
(birds chirping)
All right now.
President Kaneki has finally
agreed to let us guard him.
Well, I mean, after
being attacked like that
it's really the obvious choice.
But there's something
I don't understand,
why did he try to take
President Kaneki with him?
Up until now all of the victims
were just killed on
the spot, weren't they
That's definitely a mystery.
And speaking of mystery, Mitsuki
you saw the perps Jutsu, right?
Yes, but I'm afraid that I
wasn't able to identify it.
(flashback whooshing)
Unexplained actions along
with an unidentifiable Jutsu,
man, I'm just totally lost here.
But still, we do know
that all of this started
with the factory
explosion two years ago.
That fact's
irrefutable, isn't it?
It seems almost certain
that president Kaneki
is hiding something.
By the way, what was the cause
of the accident back then.
A lack of oversight by
the project developer
who passed away in the accident.
Do you have the records
on those involved?
Yes, here you go.
This is-
There's trouble, Mr.
Kaneki's missing.
What?
(feet stomping)
(brooding music)
The perp disguised himself
as a member of the
police force and escaped,
right after he knocked
out two guards.
Ah, he tricked us into thinking
his M. O. was only attacking
when it's raining.
Split up and search for them.
[Officers] Sir.
We oughta go too.
Yeah.
(feet stomping)
Hmm, Could it be?
(brooding music)
(Kaneki groaning)
Oh, so you're awake now, huh?
I've made it my mind.
I'm going to kill you right
here in front of this gravestone
Mikazuki Amaashi, were
you connected to her?
You started panicking
that arrival company
would surpass you.
You ignored all the risks
and pushed ahead with
that dangerous project.
That tragedy was the
result of your haste.
(explosion thundering)
(Kaneki sobbing)
The dead tell no tales.
She lies here in a cold grave,
all because of what
you did back then.
She was blamed for everything,
her reputation ruined while you
gained more wealth and fame.
Does that sound
like justice to you?
Forgive me.
Don't bother asking
me for forgiveness
ask Mikazuki.
(hands whooshing)
(brooding music)
(Kaneki sobbing)
Your younger sister
is buried here, right?
Yeah, I'm impressed
you managed to find me.
It's because I found the
name, Mikazuki in the records.
And I looked up the
location of her grave.
It was quite a long time
after everything had happened,
that I finally learned
she had died.
All I thought about before
that, was my missions.
I'm a terrible big brother.
And that's why I wanted
to relieve any regrets
she might've had.
And by that you mean
killing off anyone
who ruined your
sister's reputation?
You probably won't believe
me when I say this,
but at first I didn't intend
on killing them at all.
(dramatic music)
All I wanted to do was
find out the truth.
I knew that Mikazuki
wasn't the kind of person
who'd ever move forward
with an experiment
if it was too risky.
Once I'd managed to
uncover the truth
not one of those
responsible felt any guilt
about what had happened
to my little sister.
They just made excuses,
begged for their lives
and made reckless remarks
slandering the dead.
[Mitsuki] That's
why you killed them?
Yeah I killed them.
And when I kill him,
it'll finally all be over.
Please listen to be Mitsuki,
you're not a target so I
don't want you involved.
I just wish you
wouldn't interfere.
I'm a Hidden Leaf Shinobi,
I owe this village.
Which means I can't
let you do it.
I see.
You know it appears to me that
you're caught in a dilemma.
What did you say?
You must have known that
I was a Leaf Shinobi,
almost immediately
but didn't keep your
sister's name hidden from me.
If you were truly determined
to go through with
seeking revenge
a mistake like that
would be unthinkable.
If the injury from when we met
was from your third victim,
then perhaps your
hesitance had increased
and you allowed your
foe to counter attack.
Also the fact that I'm here now-
You're making too
much of nothing.
I'm totally confident that
I could kill you right now
if I had to, that's
just the truth.
(rain pounding)
You won't be able to
see through my jutsu.
(palms whooshing)
Water style needles
of falling rain.
(needles whooshing)
Lightning Style,
snake Lightning.
(sparks clicking)
You saw right through it,
you know what my jutsu's about.
You infuse chakra needles
into the rain as it falls.
I surmised that since
you attack in the rain,
you'd use a Jutsu that
would take advantage of it.
I was able to ward it off
because I could sense the doubts
that you've secretly
been harboring.
(somber music)
My wound was merely hurting me.
I really was trying to kill you,
because I do anything
for my sister's sake.
(palms whooshing)
(needles whooshing)
(Samidare groaning)
Sorry, please give
Mikazuki my best.
(bell chiming)
(somber music)
I won't let you die.
Really, Mitsuki isn't here yet?
No, he's probably just
making a stop there first.
I see you were able
to save his life
but they still don't know
if he'll wake up
from the coma or not.
[Announcer] They're
reopening the investigation
to look into the
cause of an explosion
at a chemical plant
two years ago.
(somber music)
I'll visit again.
(door scrapping)
(bell chiming)
(closing theme music)
(playful music)
[Chocho] In my Super Cho-Cho
butterfly mode slim form,
am I not the total
epitome of charm?
But I'm powered down
whenever I use it.
The most important thing is
that I can't stay like this.
I need to master my super
Chocho butterfly mode,
more, more, more.
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
I Can't Stay in My Slim Form.
If I stay like this
then I'll just be
stuck as a cute maiden.
(closing theme music)